doc/api.md, before:

# API Docs

This Document documents the types introduced by the Kube-Events to be consumed by users.

> Note this document is generated from code comments. When contributing a change to this document please do so by changing the code comments.

## Table of Contents
* [Exporter](#exporter)
* [ExporterList](#exporterlist)
* [ExporterSinks](#exportersinks)
* [ExporterSpec](#exporterspec)
* [ExporterWebhookSink](#exporterwebhooksink)
* [Ruler](#ruler)
* [RulerAlertmanagerSink](#ruleralertmanagersink)
* [RulerList](#rulerlist)
* [RulerSinks](#rulersinks)
* [RulerSpec](#rulerspec)
* [RulerStdoutSink](#rulerstdoutsink)
* [RulerWebhookSink](#rulerwebhooksink)
* [ServiceReference](#servicereference)
* [EventRule](#eventrule)
* [Rule](#rule)
* [RuleList](#rulelist)
* [RuleSpec](#rulespec)

## Exporter

Exporter is the Schema for the exporter API

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ObjectMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#objectmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| spec | Spec defines the specification of the desired behavior of the Exporter. | [ExporterSpec](#exporterspec) | true |
| status |  | [ExporterStatus](#exporterstatus) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## ExporterList

ExporterList contains a list of Exporter

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ListMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#listmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| items | List of Exporters | [][Exporter](#exporter) | true |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## ExporterSinks

ExporterSinks defines a set of sinks for Events Exporter

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| webhooks | Webhooks is a list of ExporterWebhookSink | []*[ExporterWebhookSink](#exporterwebhooksink) | false |
| stdout | Stdout represents whether to write events to stdout. Output when configure an empty struct `{}`, but do nothing when no configuration | *[ExporterStdoutSink](#exporterstdoutsink) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## ExporterSpec

ExporterSpec defines the desired state of Exporter

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| image | Docker image of events exporter | string | true |
| imagePullPolicy | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. | [corev1.PullPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#container-v1-core) | false |
| resources | Resources defines resources requests and limits for single Pod. | [corev1.ResourceRequirements](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#resourcerequirements-v1-core) | false |
| sinks | Sinks defines details of events sinks | *[ExporterSinks](#exportersinks) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## ExporterWebhookSink

ExporterWebhookSink defines parameters for webhook sink of Events Exporter.

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| url | `url` gives the location of the webhook, in standard URL form (`scheme://host:port/path`). Exactly one of `url` or `service` must be specified. | string | false |
| service | `service` is a reference to the service for this webhook. Either `service` or `url` must be specified. If the webhook is running within the cluster, then you should use `service`. | *[ServiceReference](#servicereference) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## Ruler

Ruler is the Schema for the ruler API

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ObjectMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#objectmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| spec | Spec defines the specification of the desired behavior of the Ruler. | [RulerSpec](#rulerspec) | true |
| status |  | [RulerStatus](#rulerstatus) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerAlertmanagerSink

RulerAlertmanagerSink is a sink to alertmanager service on k8s

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| namespace | `namespace` is the namespace of the alertmanager service. | string | true |
| name | `name` is the name of the alertmanager service. | string | true |
| port | `port` is the port on the alertmanager service. Default to 9093. `port` should be a valid port number (1-65535, inclusive). | *int | false |
| targetPort | TargetPort is the port to access on the backend instances targeted by the alertmanager service. If this is not specified, the value of the 'port' field is used. | *int | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerList

RulerList contains a list of Ruler

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ListMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#listmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| items | List of Rulers | [][Ruler](#ruler) | true |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerSinks

RulerSinks defines a set of sinks for Events Ruler

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| alertmanager | Alertmanager is an alertmanager sink to which only alerts can sink. | *[RulerAlertmanagerSink](#ruleralertmanagersink) | false |
| webhooks | Webhooks is a list of RulerWebhookSink to which notifications or alerts can sink | []*[RulerWebhookSink](#rulerwebhooksink) | false |
| stdout | Stdout can config write notifications or alerts to stdout; do nothing when no configuration | *[RulerStdoutSink](#rulerstdoutsink) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerSpec

RulerSpec defines the desired state of Ruler

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| replicas | Number of desired pods. Defaults to 1. | *int32 | false |
| image | Docker image of events ruler | string | true |
| imagePullPolicy | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. | [corev1.PullPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#container-v1-core) | false |
| resources | Resources defines resources requests and limits for single Pod. | [corev1.ResourceRequirements](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#resourcerequirements-v1-core) | false |
| ruleNamespaceSelector | Namespaces to be selected for Rules discovery. If unspecified, discover Rule instances from all namespaces. | *[metav1.LabelSelector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#labelselector-v1-meta) | false |
| ruleSelector | A selector to select Rules instances. | *[metav1.LabelSelector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#labelselector-v1-meta) | false |
| sinks | Sinks defines sinks detail of this ruler | *[RulerSinks](#rulersinks) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerStdoutSink

RulerStdoutSink defines parameters for stdout sink of Events Ruler.

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| type | Type represents that the sink is for notification or alert. Available values are `notification` and `alert` | RulerSinkType | true |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerWebhookSink

RulerWebhookSink defines parameters for webhook sink of Events Ruler.

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| type | Type represents that the sink is for notification or alert. Available values are `notification` and `alert` | RulerSinkType | true |
| url | `url` gives the location of the webhook, in standard URL form (`scheme://host:port/path`). Exactly one of `url` or `service` must be specified. | string | false |
| service | `service` is a reference to the service for this webhook. Either `service` or `url` must be specified. If the webhook is running within the cluster, then you should use `service`. | *[ServiceReference](#servicereference) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## ServiceReference

ServiceReference holds a reference to k8s Service

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| namespace | `namespace` is the namespace of the service. | string | true |
| name | `name` is the name of the service. | string | true |
| port | `port` is the port on the service and should be a valid port number (1-65535, inclusive). | *int | false |
| path | `path` is an optional URL path which will be sent in any request to this service. | string | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## EventRule

EventRule describes a notification or alert rule

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| name | Name is simple name of rule | string | false |
| condition | Condition is a string similar with the where part of sql. See supported grammar details on https://github.com/kubesphere/event-rule-engine#supported-grammer . For example: `type="Warning" and involvedObject.kind="Pod" and reason="FailedMount"` | string | false |
| labels | Labels | map[string]string | false |
| annotations | Values of Annotations can use format string with the fields of the event. For example: `{"message": "%message"}` | map[string]string | false |
| enable | Enable is whether to enable the rule, default to `false` | bool | false |
| type | Type represents that the rule is for notification or alert. Available values are `notification` and `alert` | RuleType | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## Rule

Rule is the Schema for the Rule API

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ObjectMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#objectmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| spec |  | [RuleSpec](#rulespec) | true |
| status |  | [RuleStatus](#rulestatus) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RuleList

RuleList contains a list of Rule

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ListMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#listmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| items |  | [][Rule](#rule) | true |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RuleSpec

RuleSpec defines the desired state of Rule

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| rules |  | [][EventRule](#eventrule) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

expose configurable scheduling items for components defined by crds
Signed-off-by: junot <junotxiang@yunify.com>

doc/api.md, after:

<br>
# API Docs

This Document documents the types introduced by the Kube-Events to be consumed by users.

> Note this document is generated from code comments. When contributing a change to this document please do so by changing the code comments.

## Table of Contents
* [Exporter](#exporter)
* [ExporterList](#exporterlist)
* [ExporterSinks](#exportersinks)
* [ExporterSpec](#exporterspec)
* [ExporterWebhookSink](#exporterwebhooksink)
* [Ruler](#ruler)
* [RulerAlertmanagerSink](#ruleralertmanagersink)
* [RulerList](#rulerlist)
* [RulerSinks](#rulersinks)
* [RulerSpec](#rulerspec)
* [RulerStdoutSink](#rulerstdoutsink)
* [RulerWebhookSink](#rulerwebhooksink)
* [ServiceReference](#servicereference)
* [EventRule](#eventrule)
* [Rule](#rule)
* [RuleList](#rulelist)
* [RuleSpec](#rulespec)

## Exporter

Exporter is the Schema for the exporter API

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ObjectMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#objectmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| spec | Spec defines the specification of the desired behavior of the Exporter. | [ExporterSpec](#exporterspec) | true |
| status |  | [ExporterStatus](#exporterstatus) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## ExporterList

ExporterList contains a list of Exporter

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ListMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#listmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| items | List of Exporters | [][Exporter](#exporter) | true |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## ExporterSinks

ExporterSinks defines a set of sinks for Events Exporter

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| webhooks | Webhooks is a list of ExporterWebhookSink | []*[ExporterWebhookSink](#exporterwebhooksink) | false |
| stdout | Stdout represents whether to write events to stdout. Output when configure an empty struct `{}`, but do nothing when no configuration | *[ExporterStdoutSink](#exporterstdoutsink) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## ExporterSpec

ExporterSpec defines the desired state of Exporter

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| image | Docker image of events exporter | string | true |
| imagePullPolicy | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. | [corev1.PullPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#container-v1-core) | false |
| affinity | If specified, the pod's scheduling constraints. | *corev1.Affinity | false |
| nodeSelector | Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on. | map[string]string | false |
| tolerations | If specified, the pod's tolerations. | []corev1.Toleration | false |
| resources | Resources defines resources requests and limits for single Pod. | [corev1.ResourceRequirements](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#resourcerequirements-v1-core) | false |
| sinks | Sinks defines details of events sinks | *[ExporterSinks](#exportersinks) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## ExporterWebhookSink

ExporterWebhookSink defines parameters for webhook sink of Events Exporter.

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| url | `url` gives the location of the webhook, in standard URL form (`scheme://host:port/path`). Exactly one of `url` or `service` must be specified. | string | false |
| service | `service` is a reference to the service for this webhook. Either `service` or `url` must be specified. If the webhook is running within the cluster, then you should use `service`. | *[ServiceReference](#servicereference) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## Ruler

Ruler is the Schema for the ruler API

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ObjectMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#objectmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| spec | Spec defines the specification of the desired behavior of the Ruler. | [RulerSpec](#rulerspec) | true |
| status |  | [RulerStatus](#rulerstatus) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerAlertmanagerSink

RulerAlertmanagerSink is a sink to alertmanager service on k8s

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| namespace | `namespace` is the namespace of the alertmanager service. | string | true |
| name | `name` is the name of the alertmanager service. | string | true |
| port | `port` is the port on the alertmanager service. Default to 9093. `port` should be a valid port number (1-65535, inclusive). | *int | false |
| targetPort | TargetPort is the port to access on the backend instances targeted by the alertmanager service. If this is not specified, the value of the 'port' field is used. | *int | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerList

RulerList contains a list of Ruler

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ListMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#listmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| items | List of Rulers | [][Ruler](#ruler) | true |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerSinks

RulerSinks defines a set of sinks for Events Ruler

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| alertmanager | Alertmanager is an alertmanager sink to which only alerts can sink. | *[RulerAlertmanagerSink](#ruleralertmanagersink) | false |
| webhooks | Webhooks is a list of RulerWebhookSink to which notifications or alerts can sink | []*[RulerWebhookSink](#rulerwebhooksink) | false |
| stdout | Stdout can config write notifications or alerts to stdout; do nothing when no configuration | *[RulerStdoutSink](#rulerstdoutsink) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerSpec

RulerSpec defines the desired state of Ruler

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| replicas | Number of desired pods. Defaults to 1. | *int32 | false |
| image | Docker image of events ruler | string | true |
| imagePullPolicy | Image pull policy. One of Always, Never, IfNotPresent. | [corev1.PullPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#container-v1-core) | false |
| affinity | If specified, the pod's scheduling constraints. | *corev1.Affinity | false |
| nodeSelector | Define which Nodes the Pods are scheduled on. | map[string]string | false |
| tolerations | If specified, the pod's tolerations. | []corev1.Toleration | false |
| resources | Resources defines resources requests and limits for single Pod. | [corev1.ResourceRequirements](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#resourcerequirements-v1-core) | false |
| ruleNamespaceSelector | Namespaces to be selected for Rules discovery. If unspecified, discover Rule instances from all namespaces. | *[metav1.LabelSelector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#labelselector-v1-meta) | false |
| ruleSelector | A selector to select Rules instances. | *[metav1.LabelSelector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#labelselector-v1-meta) | false |
| sinks | Sinks defines sinks detail of this ruler | *[RulerSinks](#rulersinks) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerStdoutSink

RulerStdoutSink defines parameters for stdout sink of Events Ruler.

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| type | Type represents that the sink is for notification or alert. Available values are `notification` and `alert` | RulerSinkType | true |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RulerWebhookSink

RulerWebhookSink defines parameters for webhook sink of Events Ruler.

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| type | Type represents that the sink is for notification or alert. Available values are `notification` and `alert` | RulerSinkType | true |
| url | `url` gives the location of the webhook, in standard URL form (`scheme://host:port/path`). Exactly one of `url` or `service` must be specified. | string | false |
| service | `service` is a reference to the service for this webhook. Either `service` or `url` must be specified. If the webhook is running within the cluster, then you should use `service`. | *[ServiceReference](#servicereference) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## ServiceReference

ServiceReference holds a reference to k8s Service

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| namespace | `namespace` is the namespace of the service. | string | true |
| name | `name` is the name of the service. | string | true |
| port | `port` is the port on the service and should be a valid port number (1-65535, inclusive). | *int | false |
| path | `path` is an optional URL path which will be sent in any request to this service. | string | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## EventRule

EventRule describes a notification or alert rule

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| name | Name is simple name of rule | string | false |
| condition | Condition is a string similar with the where part of sql. See supported grammar details on https://github.com/kubesphere/event-rule-engine#supported-grammer . For example: `type="Warning" and involvedObject.kind="Pod" and reason="FailedMount"` | string | false |
| labels | Labels | map[string]string | false |
| annotations | Values of Annotations can use format string with the fields of the event. For example: `{"message": "%message"}` | map[string]string | false |
| enable | Enable is whether to enable the rule, default to `false` | bool | false |
| type | Type represents that the rule is for notification or alert. Available values are `notification` and `alert` | RuleType | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## Rule

Rule is the Schema for the Rule API

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ObjectMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#objectmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| spec |  | [RuleSpec](#rulespec) | true |
| status |  | [RuleStatus](#rulestatus) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RuleList

RuleList contains a list of Rule

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| metadata |  | [metav1.ListMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.17/#listmeta-v1-meta) | false |
| items |  | [][Rule](#rule) | true |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)

## RuleSpec

RuleSpec defines the desired state of Rule

| Field | Description | Scheme | Required |
| ----- | ----------- | ------ | -------- |
| rules |  | [][EventRule](#eventrule) | false |

[Back to TOC](#table-of-contents)
